DEPLOY.md, before:

# Deploying the Recipe App

Since this is a static React application (built with Vite), deployment is very simple. I have already generated the production build for you in the `dist` folder.

Here are the 3 easiest ways to deploy:

## Option 1: Netlify Drop (Easiest - No Tools Required)
1.  Locate the folder: `c:\Users\Hassan Ahmed\Antigravity workplace\recipe-app\dist`
2.  Go to [Netlify Drop](https://app.netlify.com/drop).
3.  **Drag and drop** the `dist` folder directly onto the page.
4.  Your site will be live instantly!

## Option 2: Vercel (Recommended for Best Performance)
If you have a GitHub account:
1.  Push this code to a new GitHub repository.
2.  Go to [Vercel.com](https://vercel.com) and log in.
3.  Click **"Add New..."** -> **"Project"**.
4.  Select your repository.
5.  Framework Preset should auto-detect as **Vite**.
6.  Click **Deploy**.

## Option 3: Local Preview
To test the production build locally before deploying:
1.  Run `npm run preview` in your terminal.
2.  It will serve the `dist` folder at `http://localhost:4173`.

Commit message:

Fix: Updated Pakistani cuisine data with correct images and video links

DEPLOY.md, after:

# Deploying to Vercel via GitHub

I have already initialized the local Git repository and committed your code.

## Step 1: Push to GitHub
Since I don't have direct access to your GitHub account, please follow these steps:

1.  Log in to [GitHub.com](https://github.com) and create a **New Repository** (name it `recipe-app` or similar).
2.  **Copy the URL** of your new repository (e.g., `https://github.com/your-username/recipe-app.git`).
3.  Run the following commands in your terminal (I have already done `git init` and `git commit` for you):

    ```bash
    git remote add origin <PASTE_YOUR_REPO_URL_HERE>
    git branch -M main
    git push -u origin main
    ```

## Step 2: Host on Vercel
Once your code is on GitHub:

1.  Go to [Vercel.com](https://vercel.com) and log in.
2.  Click **"Add New..."** -> **"Project"**.
3.  Select **"Import from GitHub"**.
4.  Find your `recipe-app` repository and click **Import**.
5.  Vercel will detect it's a Vite app. Just click **Deploy**.

 Your app will be live in less than a minute!
